So memoir, short story, and scholarship, there is a common thread that connects them.
As varied as these three forms may be though, memoir, short story, and scholarship, there is a common thread that connects them.
Each of the authors you will hear from tonight speaks with a distinctive voice.
A voice that is resonant, a voice that is clear, and a voice that is unique.
Meet so seamlessly that on hazy days the big mansions that pecans and honey locusts like sails seem to be making their way somewhere on the shimmer of the bay.
I felt then, and I feel now, that this is one of the most inviting first paragraphs I had read in some time.
From the very beginning, we know that the time we spend in this man's company will furnish rich rewards.
I decided then that if I were ever in a position to determine the composition of a book and author dinner, Christopher Tillman would certainly be among my top choices.
Christopher tells me he is now completing work on a second collection of stories, which he hopes to see through the press next year.
She was going to like the book.
Write me a good first sentence, she replied in all seriousness.
And then she elaborated.
After that, I want to see a good first paragraph.
By the end of the first page, I want to be hooked.